index.md, before:

---
title: yAcademy
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
description: "yAcademy Homepage"
permalink: /
mathjax: true
---

<style>
td, th {
   border: none!important;
}
</style>

<div>
    <table>
        <tr>
            <td style="text-align:left;vertical-align:middle;">
                

                <h4><b>Projects:</b></h4>
                <!-- markdown-link-check-disable -->
                Get your codebase audited by our auditors, residents, and fellows: <a href="/auditing-services">Learn more and submit your code.</a>

                <h4><b>Fellows:</b></h4>
                 
                Join our trial-by-fire fellowship programs to shadow-audit alongside our resident and guest auditors. If you outperform during the fellowship, you will be invited to join the academy as a resident auditor. <a href="/fellowships">Learn more and apply.</a>
                
                <!--
                <h4><b>Auditors:</b></h4> 
                
                Be our guest auditor during one of our auditing sprints. You will lead the fellows (for 1-2 weeks), with full support from our resident auditors and admin staff.  <a href="/guest-auditor-program">Learn more and apply.</a>

                -->

                <h4><b>Need an Audit Immediately?</b></h4> 
                
                Our resident auditors at <a href="https://yaudit.dev/">yAudit</a> can take it on: <a href="https://yaudit.dev/#contact">request</a> an audit, view <a href="https://reports.yaudit.dev/">previous reports</a>.
      
                <br>

            </td>
            <td style="width:30%">
                <center><img src="/assets/images/logo.png" width="200"></center>
                
            </td>
        </tr>  
    </table>
</div>
    
<span class="fs-2"> [Auditing Services](/auditing-services){: .btn .btn-green } </span> &nbsp;
<span class="fs-2"> [Fellowship Program](/fellowships){: .btn .btn-green } </span> &nbsp;

<span class="fs-2"> [yAudit Homepage](https://yaudit.dev/){: .btn .btn-blue } </span> &nbsp;
<span class="fs-2"> [Completed Reports](https://reports.yacademy.dev/){: .btn .btn-blue } </span> &nbsp;
<span class="fs-2"> [Proxies Research](https://proxies.yacademy.dev/){: .btn .btn-blue } </span> &nbsp;

Commit message:

fix #24, add guest auditor page

index.md, after:

---
title: yAcademy
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
description: "yAcademy Homepage"
permalink: /
mathjax: true
---

<style>
td, th {
   border: none!important;
}
</style>

<div>
    <table>
        <tr>
            <td style="text-align:left;vertical-align:middle;">
                

                <h4><b>Projects:</b></h4>
                <!-- markdown-link-check-disable -->
                Get your codebase audited by our auditors, residents, and fellows: <a href="/auditing-services">Learn more and submit your code.</a>

                <h4><b>Fellows:</b></h4>
                 
                Join our trial-by-fire fellowship programs to shadow-audit alongside our resident and guest auditors. If you outperform during the fellowship, you will be invited to join the academy as a resident auditor. <a href="/fellowships">Learn more and apply.</a>
                
                
                <h4><b>Auditors:</b></h4> 
                
                Already highly experienced? Join as a guest auditor during one of our fellowship auditing sprints. You will lead the fellows (for 1-2 weeks), with full support from our resident auditors and admin staff. <a href="/fellowships/guest-auditor-program">Learn more and apply.</a>

                

                <h4><b>Need an Audit Immediately?</b></h4> 
                
                Our resident auditors at <a href="https://yaudit.dev/">yAudit</a> can take it on: <a href="https://yaudit.dev/#contact">request</a> an audit, view <a href="https://reports.yaudit.dev/">previous reports</a>.
      
                <br>

            </td>
            <td style="width:30%">
                <center><img src="/assets/images/logo.png" width="200"></center>
                
            </td>
        </tr>  
    </table>
</div>
    
<span class="fs-2"> [Auditing Services](/auditing-services){: .btn .btn-green } </span> &nbsp;
<span class="fs-2"> [Fellowship Program](/fellowships){: .btn .btn-green } </span> &nbsp;

<span class="fs-2"> [yAudit Homepage](https://yaudit.dev/){: .btn .btn-blue } </span> &nbsp;
<span class="fs-2"> [Completed Reports](https://reports.yacademy.dev/){: .btn .btn-blue } </span> &nbsp;
<span class="fs-2"> [Proxies Research](https://proxies.yacademy.dev/){: .btn .btn-blue } </span> &nbsp;
